
BIO -POEM
By Miss Worawan Kongpanunpol – Teacher Joy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         




Activity’s description: Students were asked to write a poem by themselves

Students’ knowledge background: Students must know “adjective”, “action verb”, verb –ing in the meaning of noun, and word rhymes

Opened question: What kind of detail we would like to know about famous/ wonderful people?

Students were asked to brainstorm a list of questions about wonderful people. Here are a few samples we did in the class:

Where was this person born? In what year? 
Where did this person grow up? 
What are the adjectives you would most use to describe the person?
What does/did this person do for a living? 
Why is this person famous? What did/does this person do to become famous? 
What makes this person special or interesting?
Did he or she overcome obstacles? Take risks? Get lucky?
What kind of effect did he or she have on the world?
Would the world be better or worse if this person hadn't lived? How and why?

Learning points: I have learned that students could brainstorm the idea but they could not apply it into the poem structure so I reviewed them all again adjectives, action verb, verb –ing as a noun, and word rhymes

Word rhymes
Students were asked to find the word rhymes.

Example
Will – fill – new – till – ill – kill/ Kind – line – nine – wine – sign



Personality Adjectives – Noun (-ing verb form)
I started from 3 questions; which are What is she like?, what does she like? And what does she look like? It was as I expected. All of them were confused what the answers would be. Some students tried answering all questions but they were not correct. We all discussed together and students were asked all three questions about their friends. First, they were confused and took time to speak up, but after I asked the whole circle and did it the second and third time, they answered quickly. They loved this activity and they were excited every time it was their turn to answer. I also asked them in Thai and let them translate in English. We took twenty minutes for this activity and I asked them to summarize from their understanding. I wrote three main questions on the board and the example of answers that students gave me. 


Successful points and key of success
After revision, students were then asked to sit with a couple, read their own famous biography and brainstorm the things they wanted to put into their poem. At this point, they enjoyed their imagination. If they could not find the information from their research, they loved to create themselves; for example, the scientist must love “to observe”, “playing puzzle”.

At the end of the class, everyone sent the poem on time and they enjoyed decorating their poem.

The developed points for the next time
1. I should spend more time on pre-activity which includes revision the background knowledge
2. I want to build on the skills I have already developed and to add significantly to those skills such as, I will try hard to speak only English with students, and keep finding the varieties of meaningful activities.
3. I will teach students the art of reading and writing and how to connect them.


