
Knowledge Management

ชื่อ สิรินยา ตัณฑนุช  หน่วยวิชา ESL ระดับชั้น 1
กิจกรรมที่ก่อการเรียนรู้ : “Seesaw”
แนวคิดกิจกรรม ลักษณะกิจกรรม: 
We know that the rhythm and rhyme inherit in nursery rhymes are important vehicles for the beginning development of phonological awareness. Therefore, we should use rhythm and rhyme with songs, chants, stories, creative movements and games to motivate students at this age to have good attitudes toward learning English and also to build up their fundamental English skills. 
Students pair up and sing “Seesaw up and down, in the air, and on the ground” while they have to hold their friends’ hands and move to the expected direction such as up and down, left and right, back and forth, or open and close. When the song finishes, one student will say one word or sentence related to the topic they have learned. The other students will create their own gestures according to what the speaker says. When they hear the signal sound of the drum, they will freeze with their creative gestures like a statue. 
In this lesson, they learn vocabulary about shapes, family members and action verbs. When they have to speak, they are able to use these words or make new sentences. Their friends listen to them and act according to what they hear.
ความรู้ที่มีมาก่อน: 
Students are able to sing the “Seesaw” song; they are used to playing this with music and movements. They know vocabulary about shapes, family members and action verbs.
โจทย์สถานการณ์เปิด:
Students can think about any words or create their own sentences while they are designated speakers. For students who are listeners, they get a chance to create their own gesture relating to what the speakers say. 
ชิ้นงาน:
It is presented in the video clip.  
ประเด็นที่ได้เรียนรู้ (มุมครูและเด็กที่ก่อให้เกิดการเรียนรู้):
Students enjoy learning English. They can really understand the vocabulary and is able to use them effectively. They learn through body movements, which is the foundation of learning and experimentation. Moreover, they gain better social skills and self-esteem when they have a chance to be speakers and work with their peers.
As teachers, we should recognize the different learning styles of students and utilize assorted activities. This allows the teacher to confirm the correct method in teaching English effectively. Learning a language is matter of mastering rhythm, melody, and meaning. If we incorporate these ideas, the children benefit of using it in their daily life and seek a deeper meaning in their own lives. 
ปัจจัยความสำเร็จ:
The integration between English, music, and movement engages students and allows the classroom to run more smoothly. The words learned in the classroom are easy enough for students to grasp the meaning because they are concrete nouns. They are simple and can be applied to forming sentences. This activity fosters creativity and enjoyment in students which is important for them to develop both sides of their brain.

ประเด็นที่จะพัฒนาต่อ
Students will continue practicing clearer pronunciation. Students will have an opportunity to create more complex sentences. This could be the form of a short story in a small group where students have a chance to actively participate.
